Create NGINX onboarding tutorial (#3826)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-nginx.asciidoc

[[monitor-nginx]]

> = Monitor Nginx: Observe the logs and metrics of your Nginx instances

Reviewer: Looking at the [NGINX website and documentation](https://docs.nginx.com/), I believe the official product name is `NGINX` (all caps). I think we should update all instances of NGINX in these docs to match that.

Author: Yeah, we had a discussion about this in slack. Ideally, the integration would be named correctly. I originally had NGINX throughout, except when calling out the integration, but that feels a little weird to me as well. "nginx" all-lowercase is also a copyrighted term, and nginx.org uses all lowercase. Maybe all lowercase sticks out a little less than all caps when compared to our integration name.

Reviewer: 👍 sgtm

++++
<titleabbrev>Monitor Nginx</titleabbrev>
++++

****
**New to Elastic?** Follow the steps in our {estc-welcome}/getting-started-observability.html[getting started guide] instead of the steps described here.
Return to this tutorial after you've learned the basics.
****

> With the https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/nginx[Nginx Elastic integration] and the {agent}, you can collect valuable metrics and logs from your Nginx instances. Once this data is in {kib}, built-in dashboards and tools like Logs Explorer allow you to visualize and monitor your Nginx data from one place. This data provides valuable insight into your Nginx instances. For example, you might find:

Reviewer: I think this can be tighter. I'm against "you can" but it might just be a me thing.

```suggestion
Use the https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/nginx[NGINX Elastic integration] and {agent} to collect valuable metrics and logs from your NGINX instances. Then, use built-in dashboards and tools like Logs Explorer in {kib} to visualize and monitor your NGINX data from one place. This data provides valuable insight into your Nginx instances—for example:
```

[[monitor-nginx-what-youll-learn]]
== What you'll learn

This guide walks you through using Elastic {observability} to monitor your Nginx instances, including:

* Collecting logs and metrics from Nginx instances using an {agent} and the Nginx integration.
* Centralizing the data in the {stack}.

> * Exploring the data in real-time using tailored dashboards and {observability} UIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Exploring the data in real time using tailored dashboards and {observability} UIs.
```
Should not be hyphenated when used as a noun.

[[monitor-nginx-collect-metrics]]
=== Collect metrics

The Nginx integration collects `stub_status` metrics from your instances.

> If you haven't, make sure your Nginx instance is https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-amplify/nginx-amplify-agent/configuring-metric-collection/[configured for metric collection].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure your Nginx instance is https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-amplify/nginx-amplify-agent/configuring-metric-collection/[configured for metric collection].
```
